Alright, so you want to explore Academic Search Premier.
We're going to start on the library homepage.
That's library.norscentral.edu, and you should see a page like this.
We're going to click on this first bubble that says Library Databases.
Now Academic Search Premier starts with A, so it's going to be at the very top of our
A-Z list, but it's also on our Featured Databases list.
You can click on either one.
Now what's nice about Academic Search Premier is its filtering options.
I'm going to type in Business Administration just as an example, and then it's got a bunch
of filtering options.
So I'm going to filter by full text and peer-reviewed.
That means that all of our results that are going to come up are going to be available
in full text, and all of these resources have been reviewed by scholars.
Now we can also filter by publication date.
Within academia, we don't recommend anything older than 25 years unless you're doing a
historical study.
Now that recently has changed since COVID, so we're actually just going to do the last
five years.
We can filter by publication.
We can also filter by publication type.
Now something that might be important to you if you are doing market research is that you
can also filter by document type, so we can filter by case study if we'd like.
We can also filter by language if you're getting a bunch of results that aren't in a language
that you can read.
And there are also Boolean operators available here.
So if you want to add something to your search, so you want Business Administration and Leadership
to come up, you can add Leadership under this and.
Now if you want to expand your search or broaden your search, you can use or instead.
Now this will pull everything that includes Business Administration and Leadership, or
just Business Administration or just Leadership.
This is going to be expanding your search, but making it less specific.
There's also the operator that is the not operator.
This is going to exclude something from your search.
So if you're only looking for Business Administration, not specifically Leadership, it's going to
exclude everything that has to do with Leadership in your search.
So we're going to hit Search.
And let's just select one of these.
Now you'll notice the access options here.
Some of them are going to be available just through PDF and some of them are going to
be available through online text.
A lot of these look like they're available through both, which is really nice.
So you can access it by clicking it here or clicking on the title and reading more about
the resource.
So you can download it.
There's also a site function here, which is nice.
If you're using Zotero, you can also export the citation here by clicking on export in
RIS format.
What's also really nice about the interface for Academic Search Premier is it has some
accessibility options.
So it allows you to download your journals into an MP3 format if you want to listen to
them instead.
But I highly recommend just downloading a PDF, uploading it to Zotero so that you can read
and map out your research at the same time.
And that's Academic Search Premier.
Happy reading!